	My course project is about my favorite foods and where they come from. I have a main page on the main page I have the panel on this page asking the user to choose their favorite type of food.  Also on the main page I has 2 paragraphs talking about my favorite foods and the different areas around the world that those foods come from. Then I have 7 buttons going to different pages. Fist one is designated for the food I like from Puerto Rico; second button is for all my favorite food that is Asian, third is my favorite American food, fourth is for my favorite Italian food, then it is for my favorite deserts and after that is appetizers, and finally the last button is for my information page this also has a star icon on the button. After this I do have a footer that is just my name, copyright 2017, this is the end of the main page.
	If you click the button on the main page for Puerto Rican this will bring you to the name page I will talk about. This page has a filter item on it so you can filter the list for what you are looking for. This page you have a list of 6 things that are my favorite foods and when you click on eat name you get what each food is made of. Also at the top of this page you will find a back button so the user can go back to the main page.  
	The next link from the main page is the Asian food. On this page you will see the back button as well and I used a grid on this page so you will see a grid of 5 of my favorite foods from this area of the world. If I had more time for this project would put what each one is made out of already like my first page. 
	After that the next link is to the page for my American favorite foods. I have the back button like all of my pages. I then have a link that you click on the show an array of my favorite American food. 
	The Italian, deserts and appetizers pages aren’t complete so they just have the back button on them. The next page is your information button this takes you to the page that ask for the users first and last name and email address. I ask the user select which one they would like to try and this is done using a checkbox after that the user should select the state they live it then the final thing they should do is submit everything to the local storage by clicking the submit button at the bottom of the page. Finally I have the storage information at the bottom of where the information should be stored. 
